Add segmentationData to tiles documentation (#1351)
visgl/loaders.gl: modules/3d-tiles/docs/api-reference/tiles-3d-loader.md

| `refine`           | `String`      | Refinement type of the tile, `ADD` or `REPLACE`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| `type`             | `String`      | Type of the tile, one of `pointcloud` (`.pnts`), `scenegraph` (`.i3dm`, `.b3dm`)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| `transformMatrix`  | `Number[16]`  | A matrix that transforms from the tile's local coordinate system to the parent tile's coordinate system—or the tileset's coordinate system in the case of the root tile                                                                                                                                             |

> | `segmentationData` | `Uint32Array` | A list of ids which identify particullar features. Can be used for picking functionality.                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `segmentationData` | `Uint32Array` | An array of feature ids which specify which feature each vertex belongs to. Can be used for picking functionality.                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
```
